# Fides: Distributed Trust-Tracking

## A Credit Score for Trust

This is a reproduction of the information from the homepage:

### Algorithmic Justice

Your trust score is generated by Fides based on a complex system of ratings
aggregated over the entire list of structured interactions ("contracts") that
you've had with other Fides users. It weights each user's rating of you based on
that user's amount of experience with you (adjusted by a carefully-calibrated
Gaussian distribution) and on the rating user's own trust score — that way,
nefarious actors won't be able to ruin your reputation.

### Global Ratings For Everyone

Fides takes a holistic approach to your, and other people's, trust-scores: the
score isn't limited to one particular service or job, like a credit score, Ebay
score, or Yelp score — instead, it is intelligently based on any interaction
that you have mutually agreed to with someone else, and promised to complete. As
part of attempting to be a more general framework for trust, we also offer
arbitrated "contracts" allowing a third part to judge both other parties.

### Lightening-Fast Performance

Everything on Fides is updated as soon as new information hits our servers,
meaning that all the information you are looking at is garunteed to be as
up-to-date as possible at all times. No set refresh times, and no need to hit
that refresh button yourself! Meanwhile, our entire system is structured for
maximum reliable performance, so when you need it, Fides is always read to go!

### Distributed Rating

We do not have one central authority choosing who gets to be marked as
trustworthy and who does not — instead, all of your peers will rate you using an
easy to use and proportionate rating system based on how wellthey were satisfied
with their "contract" with you. Make your peers happy, and more people will be
willing to trust you, because your score will be higher!

## But How Exactly Does it Work?

## Available Scripts (If You're Using a Local Version)

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.
